Having strong commitment to our stakeholders.
Flexibility and adaptability in the performance of various tasks.
We maintain cleanliness of workstations, hence, easier comfortable to work.
Strong sense of teamwork and collaboration of all BCD personnel.
Active problem solver: Taking the initiative to troubleshoot any issues the team faces and being proactive about solving
The bureau is proficient at addressing concerns or issues that require immediate answers. They have the expertise and resources to promptly respond to and resolve urgent matters.
Proactive engagement with the Department's demands.
Consultative leadership.
Efficient completion of tasks.
to strengthen more the ICT or technology integration to all learning area
proactive in addressing important educational issues and concerns.
Can do multitasking.
willing to accept new task/role with a happy heart."
responsive to the needs of the learners and teachers
Policy crafter
Extending technical assistance to the field office 
K to 12 and Specializes curriculum
National competitions such as the NSPC and NSTF
I believe that we responded to various queries/communication from different agencies/ responded to MATATAG Agenda
Curriculum Development
Helping other offices in their work.
Respond to communications promptly and staff strictly adhere to protocols.
Addressing arising issues
strong advocate of change
Curriculum Framework and Standards
responsive to the queries of the public on curriculum and other relevant concerns 
Coming up with excellent outputs
Support systems in the bureau are one of the best.
Sustained passion for excellence
Strong support to the BCD Personnel who need professional growth including the contract of service. 
Representation of the Department of Education in legislative matters, during senate and congress hearings.
Doing our duties and responsibilities extraordinarily well
Research
We make sure that there is collaboration and checking of activities to be conducted.
Strong collaboration with external partners
Program Management and Providing technical assistance to the field. 
Proactive in finding solutions for current and future challenges in division/bureau/department.
Transparency and efficient usage of finances.
BCD diligently follows the clear and well-defined direction of its leaders.
"Tracking of Documents 
Curriculum development
support of admin staff to all the programs of BCD
Tracking and receiving docs to other div or bureau
Professional Development Program for the specialists and staff (some of these PDP are done in coordination with NEAP)
Curriculum-related undertakings from the development to the finalization phase. The strength of the Bureau is also evident in Program Management.
Teamwork
Responsive to the needs of the learners in terms of curriculum
We can respond to immediate and even unpredictable needs and directives from higher-ups.
Program Development for the COS Admin. Staff
Improve curriculum!
